Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today, I am going to explain the ninth episode
of the South Korean survival drama “Squid
Game” called “One lucky day” Spoilers
ahead!
Watch out and take care!
After Saebyeok’s death, Sangwoo and Gi-hun
are taken for the sixth and the final game.
As they stand before each other, the staff
reveals that in the last game, they will either
have to be on the offense or defense.
Gi-hun wins the toss and chooses offense.
The two are then let into a field where they
played the very first game, red light green
light.
In the middle of the field, a geometrical
figure of a squid is drawn.
The VIPs observe the game from a higher platform.
The overseer explains to them that the last
game is called the “squid game.”
It was a children’s game that was played
in Korea many years ago.
The attacker, Gi-hun, has to be inside the
squid’s drawing.
To win the game, he has to run past the defense,
Sangwoo, and tap the squid’s face with his
foot.
If Sangwoo manages to push Gi-hun out of the
squid drawing, he wins the game.
And lastly, if one of them cannot continue
the game for any reason, the last one standing
will win.
When they are inside the squid’s body, Gi-hun
asks the staff in what scenario they will
not be able to continue the game.
The staff replies that the last scenario is
if a player dies, hinting that killing each
other is absolutely fair in the game.
The overseer tells the VIPs that any kind
of violence is allowed in the squid game,
and there are no restrictions.
Gi-hun takes his position and ties his shoelace,
ready to fight his old friend, while Sangwoo
takes his position with a knife.
The game finally starts, and Gi-hun asks Sangwoo
if he remembers how they used to play this
game when they were young.
As Sangwoo tries to attack him, he throws
dirt into his eyes and easily makes his way
to the squid’s neck.
Just then, the sky goes dark, and it starts
to rain.
Sangwoo knows that Gi-hun is upset because
he killed Saebyeok.
He makes an excuse saying that she was going
to die anyway; he just saved her from a lot
of pain.
However, Gi-hun doesn’t buy his bullshit
and calls him out for killing her because
of his greed.
Sangwoo finally comes clean and says that
he killed her because Gi-hun would have stopped
the whole game to save her.
And since the majority would vote to stop
it, he would have to go back home with no
money.
Gi-hun takes his knife out and tells him how
Saebyeok stopped him from killing Sangwoo
last night.
He then says that he won’t let Sangwoo take
the money at any cost and attacks him.
The two struggle, trying to kill each other
with their knives.
But they soon lose their weapons and combat
with their hands under the rain.
A while later, both are muddy and tired, but
they don’t stop fighting.
Sangwoo gets his hand on a knife and stabs
Gi-hun on his thigh.
Gi-hun lies limp on the ground while Sangwoo
asks him if he remembers this playground from
the first game.
He attacks Gi-hun with the knife with an intention
to end him, but it only stabs his palm.
Gi-hun bites his legs and turns the match
around.
Both are bloodied when Gi-hun sits on top
of Sangwoo and attacks him with the knife.
But instead of killing him, he stabs the ground
beside his head.
Even after all Sangwoo has done, Gi-hun doesn’t
kill him.
He simply stands up and makes his way to the
squid’s face.
The VIPs declare Gi-hun the winner, and the
staff points his gun at Sangwoo on the ground.
However, before Gi-hun can reach the head,
he turns back and stops the man from shooting
Sangwoo.
He asks him if they both agree to terminate
the game, will they get out alive.
The staff calls the overseer and asks if that
is possible.
The VIPs are shocked to see Gi-hun willing
to sacrifice all that money and hard work
for his unfaithful friend.
A heavily injured Sangwoo asks Gi-hun if he
remembers his mother cooking them supper when
they were little after they played every day.
Gi-hun extends his hand to his friend and
asks him to come home.
But Sangwoo apologizes to him, takes the knife
from the ground, and stabs himself in the
neck.
Gi-hun freezes in shock as his friend takes
his last breath.
Sangwoo tries saying something about his mother
but dies before he can.
A heartbroken Gi-hun cries while holding his
dead friend in his hands.
Gi-hun has finally won the game along with
four hundred fifty-six billion won.
In the following scene, Gi-hun is in a limo
with the overseer.
He has his hands tied and his eyes blindfolded
so he cannot see the man.
The overseer congratulates him for winning
the game, but Gi-hun asks him who he is.
Instead of answering, the overseer activates
the gas valves in the limo, making Gi-hun
unconscious again.
After a while, the limo stops by the side
of a busy road, and someone throws Gi-hun
outside.
Just then, a man helps Gi-hun by removing
his blindfold.
Gi-hun realizes he has something inside his
mouth and spits out a credit card.
He goes straight to the ATM and enters the
card.
Without thinking much about the pin, he enters
his player number, 0456.
Gi-hun then withdraws a single ten thousand
won bill and sees he still has four hundred
fifty-six billion won in his bank account.
However, Gi-hun doesn’t seem happy about
the revelation.
In fact, he doesn’t react at all.
To him, the death of four hundred fifty-five
people isn’t worth the money in his bank
account right now.
He takes the bill and returns back to his
house.
On his way, Sangwoo’s mother stops him and
asks him about his injuries.
The old woman asks him if he has heard from
Sangwoo while Gi-hun just stands there holding
his tears, having witnessed sangwoo’s death
a few hours ago.
He then returns back home to see his mother
lying limp on the floor.
He asks her to wake up but unfortunately,
she doesn’t.
Gi-hun’s mother had died while he was away.
He cries in pain and lays down beside her.
The only reason Gi-hun joined the game again
was to pay for his mother’s treatment, but
even she is gone.
The scene then cuts to a year later.
Gi-hun is on a train traveling somewhere.
He looks to be in bad shape, as his hair has
grown out and his beard is untrimmed.
He has a grim look on his face like he had
a year ago after returning from the game,
indicating that nothing much has changed since
then.
It turns out that he is going to the bank
where his money was transferred after the
game.
The bank manager sweet talks to him because
of teh amount of money in his bank account.
He wants Gi-hun to transfer his money to another
account so that he would get more interest.
As he talks, Gi-hun replies with vague answers
and looks uninterested.
After a while, Gi-hun gets up and surprises
the manager by asking to borrow ten thousand
won from him.
The manager is left speechless but gives him
the money anyway.
With that money, Gi-hun goes to a beach and
sits by himself while drinking.
A woman selling roses insists he buy one,
so he does.
With the rose, she also gives him a tiny envelope.
Gi-hun opens the envelope and is surprised
to see a golden card with the symbol of the
game card.
On the back of the card, an address and time
are written.
Gi-hun is beyond surprised but is determined
to find answers as to why the game was being
played and who was behind everything.
He goes to the address written on the card
and ends up in a room with an old man lying
on a hospital bed.
When he goes near the man, Gi-hun freezes
in shock.
The man is player number one, Oh Ilnam.
Gi-hun cannot believe his eyes and just stares
at him in shock.
Ilnam asks him for a glass of water, and he
quietly gives it to him.
Gi-hun composes himself and asks Ilnam who
he actually is and if he was the mastermind
behind the games.
Ilnam ignores his questions and points out
a drunk and passed-out man on the street through
the window.
He asks Gi-hun if he still trusts people after
what he has been through.
Gi-hun, in turn, gets more irritated by the
second and asks him the same question again.
Ilnam then tells him he wants to play a game.
If someone helps the drunk man before midnight,
Gi-hun will win, and Ilnam will answer all
his questions, but if no one helps the drunk
man, Ilnam will be the winner.
Gi-hun loses his cool and strangles Ilnam,
but he stops when the old man claims he wouldn’t
get answers to his questions if he kills him.
Gi-hun quietly obliges and looks at the watch.
Twenty minutes are left till midnight.
They wait for someone to help the man in silence.
After a while, Gi-hun again asks the old man
who is he.
Ilnam comes clean by saying that he is the
mastermind of the game.
He and some of his extremely rich friends
were bored, even though they had a lot of
money that had no happiness in life.
So, they all came up with this plan to somehow
make their life interesting.
He wanted to meet Gi-hun because he hasn’t
used any of his prize money and is still living
his old life.
Ilnam asks if Gi-hun hasn’t used the money
because he feels guilty.
Gi-hun claps back by saying that Ilnam should
be the one with guilt for killing so many
people.
But Ilnam claims that the players came to
the game at their will, and he didn’t force
anyone.
Gi-hun then inquires why he joined the game
himself when he could have just watched them.
Ilnam claims that he missed his childhood
days and wanted to live them one more time
before dying of a brain tumor.
As they talk, a girl approaches the drunk
man in the streets but walks away right after.
Ilnam continues saying he doesn’t regret
joining the game because he was the happiest
he had been in a long time while he was playing
with them.
As he says his last words, only a few seconds
are left till midnight.
A police car stops in front of the drunk man.
The girl who had approached him earlier had
gone to ask for help from the police.
Seconds before midnight, the man is saved,
and Gi-hun wins the bet.
But it is too late because Ilnam takes his
last breath and dies before revealing any
more things about the game.
Gi-hun looks at the old man’s face for the
last time and leaves.
Then, we see the flashback of the time they
were playing the fifth game.
The main man of the game takes off his mask
and reveals himself to be Oh Ilnam.
Back in the present, the overseer of the game,
Inho, closes Ilnam’s eyes.
In the following scene, we see Gi-hun at a
barber’s shop.
He has finally gotten closure from the mastermind
of the game himself, so he feels better for
the first time in a year.
He walks out of the shop with bright red hair,
indicating a new and fresh start.
Gi-hun then goes to the orphanage where Saebyeok’s
brother lives.
He greets the little boy, who starts talking
once Gi-hun mentions Saebyeok.
Gi-hun is there to fulfill the promise he
had made to Saebyeok.
He takes the little boy to Sangwoo’s mother
and asks her to take care of him.
The old woman happily welcomes the little
boy and treats him with love.
Gi-hun then gives her luggage and leaves.
After he is gone, she opens the luggage looking
for a jacket for the little boy but finds
it full of money instead.
Surprised, she calls Gi-hun’s name, but
he is already gone.
Gi-hun then makes his way to the subway while
on a call with his daughter.
He is going to the US to meet her after a
year.
At the station, he is beyond surprised to
see the game’s salesman who handed him the
card and got him into all the chaos.
The man is playing the same game with someone
else and smiles when he sees Gi-hun.
Gi-hun runs towards him, but before he can
catch him, the man gets into a train and leaves.
Gi-hun takes the card from another man who
he was playing with and warns him not to go
there at any cost.
He then makes his way to the airport but calls
the number from the card one last time.
The person from the other end asks him for
his name, date of birth and if he wants to
play the game.
Gi-hun tells him his name, surprising the
man on the other end.
He then tells him that he isn’t a horse
that they could bet on.
The man recognizes him and calls him number
456.
He tells Gi-hun to get on the flight and continue
with his life for his own good.
Gi-hun tells the man that he will never forgive
the people who made them play the game.
He cuts the call and turns back around, determined
to bring the game to an end.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.